Nested content: warning for unsupported editors in blocks (#4321)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Creating-a-Custom-Dashboard/index.md

![Custom Dashboard Welcome Message](images/welcomemessage-v8.png)

> Looks much better now! We can apply the same workflow to elements inside the dashboard, not just the name/alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can apply the same workflow to elements inside the dashboard, not only the name/alias.
```

Extend the translation file xml like so:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes"?>
<language>
	<area alias="dashboardTabs">
		<key alias="welcomeDashboard">Welcome</key>
	</area>
	<area alias="welcomeDashboard">
		<key alias="heading">Welcome!</key>
		<key alias="bodytext">This is the Backoffice. From here, you can modify the content, media, and settings of your website.<key>
		<key alias="copyright">© Sample Company 20XX</key>
	</area>
</language>
```

> We are adding another area tag with a few keys. Let's adjust the dashboard html accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are adding another area tag with a few keys. Let us adjust the dashboard HTML accordingly:
```

    <p><localize key="welcomeDashboard_bodytext">Default bodytext</localize></p>
    <p><localize key="welcomeDashboard_copyright">Default copyright</localize></p>
</div>
```

The `localize` tag will be replaced with the translated keywords. In the above example, we have some default text inside those tags, which might as well be removed - it would usually not be visible after the translation is applied.

As for the `localize` tag syntax in HTML, the area alias is combined with the key alias - so if you want to translate:

```html
<localize key="welcomeDashboard_heading">Default heading</localize>
```

The xml for that specific key will look like this:

```xml
	<area alias="welcomeDashboard">
		<key alias="heading">Welcome!</key>
	</area>
```

The area and key aliases are combined and an underscore is added inbetween.

![Dashboard with translation keys](images/dashboard-untranslated-v10.png)

:::note
If you don't see the brackets disappearing - you may need to restart the website.
:::

### Different languages

With the above steps completed, your dashboard is all set up to be translated across different backoffice languages.

> To test it out, you could, for example, add another language xml - da.xml for the Danish language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test it out, you could, for example, add another language XML file, like `da.xml` for the Danish language.
```

}
```

If all is setup fine we should now receive the 'Hello world' alert every time the dashboard is reloaded in the content section of Umbraco - not very helpful, at least not yet.

### Going further - Umbraco Angular Services and Directives

> Umbraco has a fine selection of angular directives, resources and services that you can use in your custom property editors and dashboards, the details are here: https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Reference/API-Documentation/#backoffice-ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco has a fine selection of angular directives, resources, and services that you can use in your custom property editors and dashboards. The details are here: [Backoffice UI](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Reference/API-Documentation/#backoffice-ui).
```

> For this example it would be nice to welcome the editor by name, to achieve this we can use the **userService** here to customise our dashboard welcome message and increase friendliness:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, it would be nice to welcome the editor by name. To achieve this we can use the `userService` to customize our dashboard welcome message and increase friendliness:
```
